Adding info about drag and drop (#9703)
flutter/website: src/ui/interactivity/gestures/drag-outside.md

---
title: Drag outside an app
description: How to drag from an app to another app or the operating system.
---

> You will likely want to implement
> drag and drop somewhere in your app.

Reviewer: **chore:** Use present tense. Use [semantic breaks](https://sembr.org/).
```suggestion
You might want to implement drag and drop in your app.
```

You have a couple potential approaches
that you can take. One directly uses
Flutter widgets and the other uses a package

> available on pub.dev.

Reviewer 2: Turn the `pub.dev` reference into a hyperlink plz?

> You have a couple potential approaches
> that you can take. One directly uses
> Flutter widgets and the other uses a package
> available on pub.dev.

Reviewer: **chore:** Use [semantic breaks](https://sembr.org/). These lines can go to 72 or 80 characters. These breaks are made a bit too short. Also, consider using a list here to make the passage easier to skim.

```suggestion
You have a couple potential approaches that you can take.

1. Use Flutter widgets.
1. Use a package available on pub.dev.
```

## Draggable and DragTarget

> If you want to implement drag and drop within

Reviewer 3: We have a widget of the week video for [Draggable](https://youtu.be/q4x2G_9-Mu0) that covers the same content!

> your application, you can use the <code>Draggable</code>
> widget. For insight into this approach, see
> the [Drag a UI element within an app][] recipe.
> 
> An advantage of using <code>Draggable</code>
> and <code>DragTarget</code> is that you can supply
> Dart code to decide whether to accept a drop.

Reviewer: **question:** Why did you use an HTML tag here? Does the Markdown not work in this case?
```suggestion
your app, you can use the `Draggable` widget.
To learn about this approach, check out the [Drag a UI element within an app][] recipe.

An advantage of using `Draggable` and `DragTarget` is that you can supply
Dart code to decide whether to accept a drop.
```

[Drag a UI element within an app]: {{site.url}}/cookbook/effects/drag-a-widget

> ## super_drag_and_drop package

Reviewer 4: Same goes for this header. Users visiting this page likely have something they want to achieve in mind rather than a specific package.

Would this work?

```suggestion
## Implement drag and drop between apps
```

If you want to implement drag and drop within

> your application and <i>also</i> between your

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
your application and _also_ between your
```

application and another (possibly non-Flutter) app,
check out the [super_drag_and_drop][] package.

To avoid implementing two styles of drag and drop,

> you can supply "local data" to the package to be

Reviewer 3: Can we clarify on what "local data" is? It's unclear in this context why it's in quotes.

> dragged within your app.

Reviewer 4: It's not 100% clear to me what is meant by avoiding "two styles of drag and drop". Do you mean that this package supports specifying local data so you can consistently use the package rather than both it and Flutter's native widgets?

Another difference between this approach and

> using <code>Draggable</code> directly,

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
using `Draggable` directly,
```

is that you must tell the package up front
what data your app accepts because the platforms
need to know synchronously.

An advantage of using this approach is that it

> works across desktop, mobile, <i>and</i> web.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
works across desktop, mobile, _and_ web.
```

> [super_drag_and_drop]: {{site.pub}}/packages/super_drag_and_drop

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
[super_drag_and_drop]: {{site.pub-pkg}}/super_drag_and_drop
```
